Rework lesson landing page to reflect Amdahl's Law instead of Zipf's. (#24)
carpentries-incubator/hpc-workflows: index.md

permalink: index.html  # Is the only page that doesn't follow the pattern /:path/index.html
---

Learn to tame your unruly data processing workflow with [Snakemake][snakemake],
a tool for creating reproducible and scalable data analyses. Workflows are
described via a human readable, Python-based language. They can be seamlessly
scaled to server, cluster, grid, and cloud environments, without the need to
modify the workflow definition. In this lesson, you will build up a
reproducible, automated, and efficient workflow step by step with
Snakemake. Along the way, you will learn the benefits of modern workflow
engines and how to apply them to your own work.

The example workflow will launch several cluster jobs with the [Amdahl][amdahl]
program from the [Introduction to High-Performance Computing][hpc-intro] using
different numbers of processors, collect the output from each job, and create a

> graph of "speedup" (runtime divided by the runtime with just one processor) as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
graph of "speedup" (reference runtime, usually one processor or node or GPU, divided by the runtime with increased compute resources) as
```

Reviewer: Speed-up (hopefully!) goes up from 1, so you need the larger number on top

Author: :zany_face:
